Mmm.
Hmm?
Yes, Mr. Burnish,
the venue is completely sold out.
This is the most important
discovery of the century...
...and everyone
wants to see it.
Yes, the press will be there.
This is your big day,
Mr. Burnish.
You won't be disappointed.
I promise.
Easy. Easy, boy.
Code red!
Who left the enclosure open?
- There!
- Stay back!
- There he is!
- Get him!
All right, move in slowly.
No sudden movements.
What's happening?
Oh!
Um...
Who's telling Mr. Burnish?
Huh?
Oh...
On your right.
- Hey, wanna shoot some hoops?
- Maybe later.
Number two, extra spicy.
Nah. Nah,
I'm going out with Peilin,
but, uh,
maybe I'll stop by.
Aw, it would be
so fun if you could come!
Yi! I'm leaving
for work. Yi?
Are you awake?
Bye, everybody.
Have a great day!
Hey!
What are you supposed to be?
A famous person now?
Where are you going?
- I've got stuff to do.
- Stuff?
What is this stuff?
It's summer holiday.
Either be busy or be on holiday,
that is what I say.
- Be careful out there.
- Of course.
- Be back before dinner.
- I'll try.
- Warm enough?
- Toasty.
- No boys.
- What? No. No boys.
Do you need any money?
Mom. Nai Nai.
I've got it covered.
Bye.
Okay. Bye.
What on earth do you
think she does all day?
Whoa!
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Heel!
- Would you guys give me a break?
- Hey!
Whoa. Whoa!
Oh, my babies!
Money transfer?
Sorry. Cash only.
We'll be back
in a few hours.
Hey, cutie.
You're not my mom!
So, Jin, are you going to
Shuo's this weekend?
No. No, I'm heading to Beijing
to check out my school.
I'm, uh, pre-med.
- Nice!
- Oh, med school?
That's so hot.
I know, right?
Ugh, what's that...
smell?
She looks like
she slept in a dumpster.
Selfie!
He breaks left.
He breaks right.
He's going in for the dunk!
Whoa!
Hey, Yi.
Come shoot hoops
with me. Come on.
Sorry, Peng.
I don't have time.
Why don't you ask
the other kids?
The other kids
are too little.
And some of them
are freakishly good.
Come on, Yi, you never play
with me anymore.
Peng, I've been
busy all day.
Hey, your cousin will play with you.
I'll pick you up tomorrow.
Light show starts at 8:00.
Ah, buh-bye.
As usual, he's got a date.
Wait, wait. Yi, watch.
Here we go.
Three, two, one.
Stop and check.
Hey, Yi, you know I can smell you
from all the way over here, right?
Like you can talk.
I'm sorry, is there any aftershave left or
did you use the whole bottle?
Why? You hoping
to borrow some?
Oof, not sure
it'll help.
Very funny.
You guys wanna work out some of
this tension on the court?
Forget it, Peng.
We wouldn't want
to mess up Jin's hair.
And the new kicks.
No basketball for these babies.
Another time,
okay, cuz?
That's what you always say.
48 likes. Sweet!
Don't.
I know what you're thinking,
so just don't say it.
She's never
at home anymore.
Ma...
That's all I'm gonna say.
Not another word.
So, that's it? We're just going
to give up on her?
I'd never
give up on Yi.
Look, we both know
what she's been going through.
She misses her dad.
We all do.
If we're patient and don't push her,
then just maybe...
Yi, is that you?
We've been waiting
for you to eat.
Oh, I ate on my way back.
So I'm good.
Either eat here or there,
but never on the move.
That is what I say.
Hey, Yi. Why don't we all sit down
together tonight as a family?
Family.
You need to eat.
You don't want to be
so short like your mother.
- Oh, I'm okay. Thank you, Nai Nai.
- Yi, wait.
What would you say to playing
a little violin for us after supper?
- Remember when you used to...
- I... I can't.
Can't? Why?
Because I...
I... I sold it.
I...
I'm sorry.
No.
I will take this trip.
Someday.
No, no, no.
Huh?
Hold up. Spotted something
at two o'clock.
There's nothing there.
Moving on.
Oh...
Hi, Mom. Bye, Nai Nai.
Excuse me.
Whoa.
Bam! It came
out of nowhere.
Then it was gone.
Did you see where it went?
Lady, I just told you.
It was gone.
What, uh...
What was it anyway?
Um, let me take care
of the repairs to your truck.
A little compensation
for your silence.
It's a bribe.
Aah! Nai Nai,
that's weird.
Oh! So you're hungry now?
Oh, yeah.
Starving.
Let them cool.
You'll burn your mouth.
- I keep telling your mother you need to slow down.
- Ow. Ow.
- Spend more time here, at home with your family.
- Ow.
Mrs. Lui called me today,
says you're fixing her computer.
And Mrs. Yuan, in 4B,
says you're going to trim
her poodle's toenails.
I like that you're ambitious.
No one wants
a lazy granddaughter.
But busy, busy, busy.
What do you need to do
all that for?
I guess I just
like being busy.
Yi...
Can we just talk
about this later, Nai Nai?
You don't have to worry.
You should
listen to Nai Nai!
Hey, boy...
Or girl.
Are you hungry?
Whoa!
Whew.
Phew! Yeah,
you're definitely a boy.
Whoa.
I don't know
where you came from
but you sure
don't belong here.
You stay in here, okay?
There are people
looking for you.
Hmm...
No, no, no. Okay. Okay.
No. Please don't cry.
Wait.
My dad used to play for me.
It always made me feel better.
All better, right?
Uh...
Hmm?
Nah.
Good night, sleepyhead.
Wait, do you
know that place?
Huh?
Is that your home?
Hmm.
You know, um, home.
No way.
Okay.
Come on.
Creature from Mount Everest.
"Considered to be no more
than fairy tale and myth,
"enthusiasts still hold out hope
that these creatures actually do exist."
There's a Yeti on my roof.
Captain, I am holding
you personally responsible
for that abominable
creature's escape.
Now, you will get every car
we have out there
or I will send you back to
your job at the shopping mall.
Uh, yes, sir.
Understood.
Attention, all units, we need
every car out on the street.
Hmm?
Mmm.
Huh?
I was dribbling and the guy
was like, "Oh, no,"
and I was like, "Oh, yeah."
Want to play a game?
I can't.
Nai Nai will, though.
Hey, Nai Nai,
want to shoot some hoops?
You know I only
play for money.
Uh, something's missing.
What in the...
Peng! Go get your cousin Jin
and see who stole my air conditioner.
Go! Go, go, go, go!
Hey! Uh, what are you
doing out here?
Someone's gonna see you.
Where did you get that?
No, no, no!
Give it back now!
Do you hear me? Let go!
Peng,
that does not make sense.
Why would they
take it to the roof?
- Guys, what are you doing up here?
- Whoa! Hey! Hey!
- Get away from her!
- No, no, no! Wait!
Okay, I'm calling
the police.
- Hello? Yes, um...
- No! Jin, don't!
There's a wild beast
on our roof.
Hang up, Jin!
- No, no, stop, Jin!
- Yes, a wild beast!
Turn up that scanner.
Yeah, yeah,
on Heping Road. Please hurry!
That's him. That's the Yeti.
Ring Mr. Burnish.
Jin, what have you done?
He's not dangerous.
Look at him. He's a Yeti!
Cool!
What? No. Yetis don't exist.
Oh, no!
They're back!
You have to go.
Go. Run. Now! Go!
Wait, wait. No, no, no.
No. No. No.
Wait!
Yi!
- He stole Yi.
- More like kidnapped.
Come on, Peng.
Yi!
Oh! We're never gonna
catch up to them.
Hey, Jin.
Hey, girls.
Whoo! How many girlfriends
do you have?
Hurry!
Whoa!
They're gaining on us.
Locked on target.
Dude. You darted Dave.
Uh... Yeah,
we lost them.
I want eyes on that target
at all times.
It cannot leave the city.
Watch out!
Hold on, Peng.
There! There they are.
Whoa!
Whew.
I think we lost them.
Look, down there!
That boat's leaving the city.
You have to get on it.
Get into position.
- Oh, there she is!
- Oh, my gosh!
Take the shot.
What? There's a girl with him?
Oh, no. How is she
gonna get away?
- Wait. What time is it?
- 8:00. Why?
Time for the light show!
Ooh! Ah!
Come on, Yi.
Where are they?
They're gone.
Copy that.
They're gone. And I'm dead.
Don't rub it in.
Come on!
Keep searching!
Oh!
There they are.
Come on, Peng.
Over there. That one.
You have to get on that boat.
When that boat lands, don't stop.
Don't stop until you reach your mountain.
Don't stop until you're home.
Okay? Home.
You have to go. Now!
Huh?
Hide!
Yi!
Yi, are you okay?
Oh, no!
Oh, no, no, no, Yi.
Don't you dare.
Yi!
I guess I'm coming
with you, huh?
Everest?
Yi?
Yi, are you crazy?
- Wait for me!
- Peng? Peng! No!
No, no, no!
Peng! I'm responsible for you!
Your mom's
gonna kill me!
My babies.
No, no, no. You think
this is funny?
Do you even know
how much I paid for these?
What were you thinking, Yi?
You have gotten me into so much trouble.
I am so mad
at you right now.
You know what? I can't even
talk to you right now.
That's how mad I am!
The unveiling
is in one week, Captain.
Now, how am I supposed
to prove the Yeti exists
when I don't have a Yeti?
Uh...
No speaking! Only leaving.
Doctor Zara,
what am I going to do?
The science community will be there,
the press will be there
the world will be there,
watching with their eyes.
Mr. Burnish,
there are many rare
and exotic animals
you have collected
over the years.
These snakes, for example.
You're the only one
in the world
to have a newly born clutch
of rare Whooping snakes.
Down! Down! Down!
Go in your hole,
you weird snakes.
Sir, please. These creatures
are to be respected.
Hmm.
They would make a lovely belt.
Mr. Burnish,
they are one of a kind.
A one-of-a-kind whooping belt.
A belt that goes "whoop."
Do I want that? I don't know.
Take them away.
Wait, how many snakes
are there supposed to be?
Uh... Why?
We promised the public a Yeti,
and nothing else will do.
Nothing!
I don't care if the Yeti is dead
or alive, I just need him.
Your gerbil
is freaking me out.
Jerboa.
Duchess is an albino jerboa
and she, too, is one of a kind.
Sir, as a zoologist,
it is my mission in life
to make sure that
all animals are protected
especially the rare
and exotic ones.
That is the only reason
I agreed to find your Yeti.
And you did.
For a few short days,
we had one.
But I cannot go to that
unveiling empty-handed.
I will not be made
into a laughingstock again.
Not, not, not!
Uh, there's news,
Mr. Burnish.
News about you leaving?
A dock worker saw a creature and some kids
boarding a cargo barge last night.
Doctor Zara, you are
the best in your field.
- Please, help me get him back.
- Under one condition.
We bring the Yeti
back alive.
You have to promise me
he will not be harmed.
Fine. Fine, fine, fine.
Captain, where did
that boat land?
Uh...
Yeah, Ma.
Beijing is, um, great.
The dorms...
The dorms are clean.
- Peng? Oh, Peng is, uh...
- Look at all those teeth.
Peng's fine.
Hey, hey.
Oh, and Yi came, too.
Yeah. Mmm-hmm.
She's, uh, checking out
the university.
Soda? Oh, yeah!
Mom never lets me have any.
Catch!
Hey, Everest,
come over here.
How long
will we be here?
Oh.
Excuse me!
Cafeteria food is a little rich.
Well, I gotta go,
Ma. Bye.
I cannot believe that you made me
lie to my mother!
I love this stuff!
Hey, okay, Everest, look.
First, you go over
the Yellow Mountain.
Then to the Yangtze River
and that river will take you
most of the way to the Himalayas
and finally to Mount Everest.
This is how you're
gonna get home.
Whoa, wait.
Mount Everest? No, no.
That has to be hundreds of miles away.
Actually, it's thousands.
Whoo!
I just hope he can
make it all that way.
Um, he seems capable.
Look at all those people.
- Hello!
- Peng, get down!
Ow.
Huh?
Yeah. We should hide.
Wait, why are we
still moving?
Uh...
'Cause we're not
at the dock anymore.
What? Ahh!
No!
You know, I've never
been out of the city.
Wow.
I can't believe
how beautiful it is out here.
I can't believe I haven't eaten
in 24 hours.
I'm starving.
Uh-oh.
Guys, I gotta go.
Just hold it.
Oh, no. He's gotta go.
- Get me out of here!
- I can't!
Out of my way!
Gotta go! Gotta go!
My head.
- I'm good.
- Okay.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
One bar. Okay,
that's good enough.
- Good enough for what?
- To buy tickets home.
Okay, look, the next boat
leaves around 5:00
so let's hope that's enough time
to find our way back to the dock.
Peng, come on.
We're leaving.
Yes, waiter.
I'm ready to order.
I'll have some of Nai Nai's
pork buns with extra pork.
All right, get up, Peng.
We gotta go.
And a side of pork.
Why is he making that...
- Jin!
- Is he humming?
What's going on? Whoa.
What is happening?
Whoa! Is that a...
A blueberry?
Food!
Guys, these are delicious.
That doesn't make any sense.
No, no. This is not possible.
It's not funny, all right?
This is cashmere!
Uh, Jin...
Now what?
Oh.
Everest, do something!
Run!
Incoming!
- Run!
- Go faster!
Oh, no!
Save yourselves!
I'm hit!
Tell Nai Nai's pork buns I love them.
Hey, Jin, did you get
enough to eat?
Let's just say...
I've got blueberries in places
where blueberries should never be.
Come on, Everest.
Okay, watch and learn.
Bank shot.
Ahh!
I'm exhausted.
What? Why are you stopping?
Because in about
five minutes,
we won't be able to see our
hands in front of our faces.
And that is exactly why we've got
to keep moving. All right?
Come on, Peng, we need to get
back to that dock...
- First thing in the morning.
- Yes!
- There's so many.
- Bugs?
Stars.
How come
they're only swarming me?
Maybe they're ladybugs.
"Lady..."
Not funny.
Well, my mom told me that the stars are
our ancestors who always watch over us.
My mom
says that, too.
My backpack? Peng!
No, no, no!
Great. No reception.
I'm entirely cut off
from my social life.
Mmm, how traumatic.
Yeah, Yi, it is.
Because, unlike you,
I like having friends.
I'm not some kind of a...
Loner? Is that what
you were going to say?
Well, for your info,
I'm a self-proclaimed loner.
There's a difference, okay?
Fine, because in the morning,
Peng and I are headed back to the city.
- I can't leave him.
- Yi...
You've seen
what he can do.
He's amazing. He's magical.
Oh, so now
he's a magical Yeti.
Do you realize
how crazy you sound?
Look what happened
with the blueberries.
That wasn't him.
That was a natural phenomenon.
Just one that
I can't explain yet.
One, two, three, four,
I declare a thumb war.
Go!
Hey, you cheated!
Will you two please
just give it a rest?
Oh, my gosh, I'm beginning
to sound like my parents.
Oh, that's it!
That's why they
get along so well.
Everest is just a kid.
He's probably like the same age
as Peng, but in Yeti years.
Stop hitting yourself.
Right. There's no way
that giant thing is a kid.
Wait. I'll prove it to you.
Everest, come over here.
Hmm?
This is you.
And your parents.
Aw. You have
your mother's eyes.
Don't worry.
I will make sure you get home.
What are you going to do?
Take him all the way
back to Mount Everest?
Maybe I am.
Jin, he needs to get
back to his family.
What about your family?
Don't they need you, too?
Always busy, never home.
What's that all about, Yi?
Don't talk to me about family.
You have no idea! No idea!
Your life is so easy, Jin.
Do you even want to be a doctor
or do you just think that you'll...
I don't know, you'll
look good in white?
All right. Call me shallow
all you want.
At least
I'm not delusional.
I don't care if you
think I'm crazy.
You're impossible.
Huh?
Is that Yi?
Wait, don't stop.
It's really good.
Your Nai Nai said you stopped
playing after your dad died.
- Peng!
- It's okay, Jin. Really.
Was this your dad's violin?
Mmm-hmm.
You know, I really
liked your dad.
Thanks, Peng.
Well, we better head out if we're going
to make it to the Yangtze River.
- You're coming?
- Yeah.
I checked and Dahe village has boats
leaving for the city every hour.
Okay, well, when we get there,
you and Peng can take a boat back
but I'm going to
take Everest home.
Well, that boat
pulled in yesterday morning
but we've unloaded all of the cargo
and didn't find anyone.
Would you mind
if we search it again?
- You got anything?
- No, Captain.
- He was here?
- Yes.
And it looks like
he fancies soda.
Stop!
Down there!
What was that?
Sorry, Doctor, there's no sign
of 'em anywhere.
Sir, the Yeti has disappeared.
It has been so long since
I've been out in nature.
- Sir, if we...
- Look at this tree.
It's a wonderful tree.
Look at the colors.
I love this tree.
You there, chop it down
and put it in a bag, will you?
Right away, sir.
I want it in my penthouse...
To be with me.
Mr. Burnish!
Right! What? What is it?
We should divide the team
and cover some ground.
Captain, let us fan out.
Yes, sir.
Now, on the map, that village
is only a centimeter away.
That can't be that far.
It must just be
on the other side of the...
The Yellow Mountain.
Wow.
Wait. Wait.
We are not going over that.
Come on, Everest,
I'll race you!
Hey, you guys,
wait right there!
Ooh.
Everest, look. Make a wish.
No, no. They're for wishing.
Leg cramp.
Stop for a sec.
Okay. I mean,
if you really need to.
I wish I was
a basketball superstar.
Starting in the championship game,
the mighty Peng!
Hmm?
Wait, is that a drone? Cool!
Okay. Not so cool!
Not so cool!
Oh, no. It's those guys
from the city.
I told you
this was a crazy idea.
Captain, I have footage.
Copy that.
Those little thieves
stole my Yeti!
- Get us there.
- Keep your eyes on 'em.
We're on our way.
Uh... What now?
I wish there was
a way out of here.
Uh... What's going on?
Whoa.
Yi, let go of that!
It's dangerous!
Everest, are you sure
about this?
No, Peng! Get down from there
right now! Hey, Peng!
- Jin! Jump!
- Jump!
No, get down here!
Give me your hand!
Got ya!
Meet me at that village
by the river!
We'll be there!
And take care of Peng!
Whoa.
Whoa. Everyone, push!
Uh-oh.
- Are you catching this?
- Is that a giant dandelion?
Giant dandelions?
Look, stop messing about
and get my Yeti!
Uh, yes, sir.
Let's take 'em down.
Yeah! Take that, drones!
So, who's going
to tell Mr. Burnish?
Not it!
- Help!
- Wait, where are we going?
I hope you're not hurt.
Let me introduce myself.
- I'm Doctor Zara.
- I know who you are.
- You do?
- Yeah.
You're the bad guys.
Your gerbil is
freaking me out.
A boy that knows his gerbils.
I like him.
Bad? Listen,
you've got this all wrong.
That wild beast is
unpredictable, even dangerous.
We were trying to rescue your friend
when the Yeti kidnapped her.
He did kidnap her.
Listen, you twit!
I own that Yeti. He is my Yeti.
I want my Yeti back!
Right? Just nod.
Mr. Burnish, please!
Ow.
All right, look.
I just need to find
my cousin and my friend
and get 'em back
to the city in one piece.
I can get all of you
back to the city
but the only way I can help your friends
is if I know where they are.
Do you know?
That Yeti is the pinnacle
of my research.
I really need him back.
I don't know where they are
but I do know
where they will be.
Brace yourselves!
Everest!
- Huh?
- No, over here!
Huh?
That was amazing, Everest.
You saved us.
And now, we're...
Where are we?
All I know is we're
a long way from Jin.
Yeah, well, that's his fault.
He should have jumped.
I mean, why doesn't he
ever just jump?
He did. He jumped on that boat
back in the city.
That's what got him on this trip
in the first place.
Yeah, but that's because
he was worried about you.
You're his family.
Yi, he thinks of you
as family, too.
Wh... What?
Hey, little turtle.
Everest...
Jin said Yi was like his little sister
when they were kids.
She was always doing something crazy that
would get her into trouble,
so he had to
watch out for her.
And he still does.
I think
we should get going.
But don't worry. I can get us
out of here. Let's go.
Put 'em down, Everest.
Suddenly, I saw it.
A Yeti. A real Yeti.
Cold eyes staring.
It tried to kill me.
I needed to protect myself.
I swung my ice axe...
And it was gone.
No footprints. Nothing.
I rushed back to tell the world
what had happened but without proof...
They laughed at me.
You spent all these years
trying to get your proof?
Mmm-hmm.
I'm so used
to looking down on the world
it's amazing how small
one feels just by looking up.
Mr. Burnish, we need to get
an early start.
Thanks to Jin, we've learned
the Yeti's whereabouts.
Yes, yes.
Duchess. Is that your name?
You're kind of cute, you know,
in your own ugly, beady-eyed kind of way.
I can't feel my feet.
"Don't worry,
I'll get us out of here."
What was I thinking?
We are completely lost.
Everest is nowhere
near his mountain
and for all we know, Jin could be
in trouble right now. And it's...
And it's all my fault.
Jin said this trip
was a crazy idea.
And, I don't know,
maybe he's right.
I mean, but...
We could sure
use him right now.
Yeah. And the map
on his cell phone.
It's okay, Everest.
It's just a koi fish.
That's weird.
Why are they swimming
against the current?
They're actually trying
to get back home.
Ooh.
Yeah. Let's just
put him back.
Do you think
he'll make it?
Well, he's sure gonna try.
You know these fish are
the symbol of perseverance?
What?
It's just something
my mom told me.
It means that when
things get really tough...
They never give up.
You know what, guys?
We have to keep going.
Come on. Come on,
you guys, let's go.
Everest, put the fish down.
Into the water.
Ow.
Get back,
you abominable creature!
Back!
That's great. Of course.
He said in
the sweetest little voice,
"You're cute in your own ugly,
beady-eyed kind of way."
Argh!
I tell you, he's going soft!
We need to act fast.
If that kid is right and we find
the Yeti at the river tomorrow,
use any means possible
to take him down.
I thought we had
to keep the Yeti alive.
The buyer won't pay us
unless he's still breathing,
but if he's a little
banged up, who cares?
They're just gonna
chop him up into little pieces
for their experiments
anyway.
Well, what do we do
with the kids?
If you want your 10%,
you'll get rid of them.
For good!
Oh, and get rid of this rodent
I've been carrying around.
Do you know how hard it is to keep up
this British animal-lover act?
I'm done!
Duchess? But she's
a one-of-a-kind albino jerboa.
She's just a rat, you idiot!
Hey! My keys.
Here, I think you're
better off with this guy.
Hmm. Not now.
All right, let's see.
SUV? Too loud.
Transporter? No.
What's this one?
Sweet.
Check the hair.
Lookin' good, Jin.
Thanks, Jin.
All right, let's do this.
Oh.
It's okay, babies.
It's okay, I got you.
Nope. Nope.
I can't do it.
All right, fine,
just take it!
Be the koi fish.
That's it, Peng.
You keep swimming.
What was that?
Come on!
All right! No more swimming!
Yeah, but,
how are we gonna catch it?
Whoo-hoo!
Now, this is the way
to travel!
- Whoo-hoo.
- Ready, Everest?
Again.
You know, Everest...
I can't figure you out.
I mean, how do you do that?
Oh!
Maybe it's his gift...
Like when you play the violin,
or when I play basketball.
Everest talks to nature.
Now, that? That is a gift.
Well, this is the village.
Do you see Jin?
Through that mob?
Are you kidding me?
We need to both
look for him.
What about Everest?
Move it, yaks!
Oh. I've got an idea.
Grab all of that rope.
- Can you see anything?
- Nope.
Yi, there he is!
Jin! Jin!
- We're gonna lose him.
- I'll run ahead.
Stay there and blend in.
Oh, your yak
is odd-looking.
Hey, don't body-shame my yak.
Jin! Jin!
- Yes?
- Whoa.
I'm so sorry.
No.
Keep looking. He said
they would be here.
I can't believe
he crashed my bike.
- Look!
- Target spotted. Move out.
They found us.
Let's go! Go!
Go, Everest, go. Move it!
No. Oh, no.
Hey, you!
- Need a ride?
- Jin?
- You showed up!
- Of course I did.
Wait, where's Peng?
Everest!
Oh, no!
Coming in at 4'10"
and ready to take the game,
the mighty Peng!
High five! Yeah!
Whoo!
- Everest! Peng!
- Peng! Come on!
Jin, I knew you'd be here.
Good to see ya, cuz.
What happened
to your babies?
Well, Peng...
My babies are all grown up.
Hang on.
Captain, don't you dare
let them get away.
Hold on. This little lady
has a few tricks up her sleeve.
Whoa!
- Go faster!
- I'm trying!
Everest, do something.
Hurry, Everest!
- It's working!
- Uh...
Oh, no. Guys. Guys!
- Turn, turn, turn!
- Turn, turn!
Whoa.
This is unbelievable.
Peng! Peng!
Look. It's okay.
Wow!
- This is amazing!
- This is impossible!
Come on, Everest,
make it go bigger!
Higher!
Slow down.
Slow down!
- Peng!
- Where is he?
Peng?
Oh, no.
Everest, no. Everest.
Hold it in.
No, no!
Hey, Jin. You got a little
something right here.
Huh?
No.
Oh, no.
Yi...
You okay?
Yeah. Um...
That violin meant
everything to me.
When we were little, you know,
my dad used to play all the time.
Um...
But every night...
When he was tucking me in,
he would play this one song
just for me.
And I don't know,
it made me feel like
everything was
gonna be okay.
Yi, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for what I said.
"Too busy, never home."
No.
You're right.
I know I keep busy.
I just don't know why.
I miss him,
and I don't wanna miss him,
but I haven't even
cried yet, Jin.
And my family...
We're all so distant,
and I...
Argh, I don't know.
I don't know what to do.
Well, are you sure they're
the ones who are distant?
But you were right
about me, too.
Yeah, hate to admit it,
but I mean
that thought about looking good
in the white doctor's coat...
It did cross my mind.
I am a horrible,
horrible person.
Yeah. You are the worst.
I really... I am.
Yi, listen,
if those people find Everest,
we're all in danger.
Wait, do they know
where I'm taking him?
They're headed
to the Himalayas, sir.
And the Yeti's powers
will grow even stronger
the closer he gets
to those mountains.
But there's still one more chance
to capture your Yeti.
At the foothills of those
mountains, there's a bridge.
Once the Yeti crosses it,
he'll blend in, disappear.
We will never
find him again.
I've never seen powers
like those before.
It's intimidating.
Stay the course, sir.
After this, no one will
ever laugh at you again.
You're right.
Captain, we are going
to need reinforcements.
Lots of reinforcements.
Yes, sir.
What do those powers
mean for us?
That Yeti's price tag
just doubled.
Hey, you guys,
did you find that thing?
We're working on it.
There it is!
Really, Dave?
Come on! Come quickly.
Everest?
You okay?
- Is that...
- Yeti hair?
Yep.
See?
It's as good as new.
No.
It's better than new.
Hey! When did you
buy these?
Oh, I didn't buy them.
They were my dad's.
He kept postcards
of all the places
he wanted to take us someday,
the whole family.
Yi, they're all of
the places we've been!
What?
No way. How is this possible?
That can't be.
We've been
to all of these.
All but one.
The Leshan Buddha.
This is the place that my dad
wanted me to see the most.
This is incredible.
You brought me here,
didn't you?
Whoa.
Impossible.
Wow!
I wish Dad were here
to see this.
It's beautiful.
Thank you, Everest.
You did that, Yi.
You did.
I did that?
Whoa.
Come on, Everest.
Yi...
We are so going
to the Himalayas.
Come on, you guys.
Whoa, whoa!
Okay, okay!
Hold on, Peng.
Whoo-hoo!
Come on!
If we keep going, we'll get
to the Himalayas by morning.
Those guys are not gonna stop
until they get Everest...
Is that better?
Maybe.
- We still have to keep going though.
- I know.
Will it be the same?
You know, when Everest goes home?
With us, I mean.
Like, will you guys
still want to hang out?
Of course we will,
Peng.
You know, I'll sure miss
seeing these stars.
Yeah, but even though
we can't see them,
we'll still know
they're there.
So that's kinda cool,
isn't it?
Yes, Peng,
that's very cool.
Hmm.
It's not funny.
Loch Ness Monster? Chupacabra?
What if they exist?
Oh, my gosh, my whole life
has been a lie.
Huh?
Wow. The Himalayas.
Whoa!
Awesome!
Everest, look!
Just across
that bridge is home!
What are we waiting for?
Let's go! Let's go!
Everest! Wait up!
Oh, no.
Move out!
Everyone, go!
Move it!
Go! Go back!
Whoa!
Go! Go! Go!
Target spotted.
Everest, run!
Go to your mountain. Now!
Before it's too late.
Captain, hurry.
Get my Yeti! Get him now!
No, no, no!
You're going the wrong way!
Target's on the move!
It's amazing.
Mr. Burnish,
we're missing our chance.
Load tranq guns.
Wait! Hold your fire!
Get back!
Mr. Burnish!
Take the shot!
Oh, no!
He's defending them.
Mr. Burnish!
Doctor, I was wrong.
You were right.
The Yeti must be protected
and the best way to protect
the Yeti is to let him go.
We must let him go.
Captain, order your men
to stow their weapons.
Do it, now!
Hmm. Quick!
Mr. Burnish needs help.
Captain...
Fire at will!
- Fire!
- Fire! Fire!
Everest!
- No!
- Get the kids.
Everest!
No! No!
- Everest!
- Stop!
I'll make sure
the Yeti's out.
No!
You are never
going to escape again.
Wait, wait, get her!
Stop it!
Yi!
- No! No! No!
- Yi! No!
- Well, that's one down.
- Yi!
All right, move out.
- Yes, sir.
- Copy that. Moving out.
- Go back!
- No! Yi!
- Go back! Yi!
Stop the car!
- It's Everest.
- No. This can't be happening!
- Let's go! Get out of here!
- Go, go, go!
Sir... Sir, wake up.
Yi!
You're okay.
Everest!
I thought
we had to keep the Yeti alive.
Dead will have to do.
No!
Yes!
Everest?
Hmm.
You are, by far, the most extraordinary
creature I have ever seen.
That is exactly why the world
must never know you exist.
They would not understand.
I didn't.
Now, can I please help you
get back to the city?
Thank you...
But I promised to take Everest home
and he's not home yet.
You're going to take Everest
all the way to Everest?
That is impossible.
Sir, with all due respect,
when Yi sets her mind on something,
nothing is impossible.
Yes.
It's cold.
But there is something
I have to insist that I give you.
- Thank you!
See you later.
Don't worry, I'll be waiting right here.
They just wanted
our coats, Dave.
Guys...
It sure is a long way
up there.
Everest?
- Cool!
- All right. Bring it!
Wow.
Yeah!
Whoa.
Whoo!
Everest, it's your mountain.
What do we do now?
I don't know.
Whoa.
His parents.
Wow.
They'd be so good
at basketball.
We're finally home, Everest.
Home.
I can't...
I can't believe
the journey's over.
You're right.
It's not over.
Thank you, Everest.
I'll never
forget you, Everest!
- Goodbye!
- Bye!
- Bye! Thank you!
- Thank you!
Ma!
Yi? You're back.
How was the trip?
Aww.
Yi?
I missed you both
so much.
It's good to have you back,
granddaughter.
Why don't you get that?
It's probably the boys.
Who is ready
for Nai Nai's pork buns?
Look what I found
on your doorstep.
It's addressed
to all of us.
Shh!
Come over here.
Hey, kids...
- ...how was Beijing?
- Peng.
Oh, it was, um,
life-changing.
Wow. That's great.
Everybody, dig in.
Mmm.
Wow. I totally see
what you mean
- about these pork buns.
- Uh-huh.
There is no one in the world who likes
these pork buns more than me.
Well, maybe one.
Who? Who else
like my buns?
- No laughing. I'm serious.
- Oh, Nai Nai.